hi you guys I decided to tackle this a
pop stick recipe i saw on jamie oliver's
a little cooking site and i thought like
this is really interesting to try and
make like own rice paper a little wonton
papers totally wrong this took me
forever to make I definitely recommend
buying it um so I'm going to start
making the little wonton sheets or paper
will need some flour and a cup of hot
water and you'll also need like a pinch
of salt and we're just going to mix this
together until it makes like kind of a
big lump a little ball and we're going
to need it for about five to ten minutes
I just dusted my work surfaces little
bit of flour so it doesn't stick and
we're just going to do this until kind
of and more of a smooth ball
after you get it into a more smoother
shape we're just going to cut it in half
and then make little donut holes or just
like a doughnut shape with the dough and
we're going to let that rest and put
that to the side and you guys see
everything such a difficulty making this
doughnut but it's just it is an
experience to make like these little to
make your own little wonton papers but
definitely like I said by your own
because this took me like three two
hours to do like the holding two to
three hours i believe so I'm finished
making my doughnut and I'm just going to
play some surround up over it and let it
rest and then we are going to work on
the meat filling which is going to be
pork and I'm just going to add minced
garlic to this and also I try to put the
garlic or the sorry the ginger in there
too but it was kind of a struggle I was
just too lazy to cut it so i thought i
could just put it in this thing but I me
a little bit came out so it was fine
then I have a baby bok choy and I just
have a few of the leaves and I'm just
gonna chop this up really finely and
just add it to the meat mixture and then
I'm just gonna add some green onions
that already have chopped now I'm just
gonna add the flavors and things I think
this is the sesame oil bug tablespoon
and I'm also adding baking powder in
it's being cornstarch I will list the
recipe below for you guys and I have the
salt and pepper also adding some sugar
they have some soy sauce and also added
some rice vinegar add small to this
and a little bit of water and we're just
going to stir this in one direction
until everything is combined and looks
kind of piece like like the meat will
start changing its texture and just a
sec okay so I'm just going to dust my
surface with flour and we're just going
to start dividing these up and I unique
about one donut makes about 16 pieces so
I had like two and I'm just gonna cut
them like so
hey um to the fun part I didn't have a
rolling pin so i just used a cup instead
thus by all means if you have a rolling
pin definitely use that and we're just
going to get this like almost as thin as
possible because we are going to kind of
fry them and also steam them and we
don't want to have it to think so they
will like taste like a super dummy
tasting em want on paper
now for the fun part is to start filling
them I was very generous with the first
few but definitely just feel love for it
to not be that much where it's going to
be overflowing and I'm just going to
pinch this and make it into a squiggly
line kind of pattern and we're just
going to pinch the end so nothing over
all out and it took me a while to get a
hang of it I made my first couple of
what a long time looked kind of janky
but I mean all it's going to look really
nice when you put them together so I'm
just going to start making a whole bunch
of them for you guys to see and hear the
dumpling that I finished I actually had
extra of the paper quantum's but I guess
I was really generous of the meat with a
lot of them and um so these are the
finish ones and now it's time to fry
them up so I took about a tablespoon of
the coconut oil and it's good to have
like the layer of oil on the bottom and
I'm just going to start filling up the
pan with the pot sticker dumplings and
we're just going to make the bottom of
these golden brown and once it gets to
that level we're just going to UM and
some water to it and then place it over
with the leg so I can steam but the
young crying time is probably like five
to ten minutes on high heat we just like
I said want the bottoms to be folding
problem
so here you'll see I added the water and
it's bubbling just bit I'm just covering
it up maybe like half away or not even
and then I just put my lid and just let
this cook a little bit longer until
everything is nicely done and looks like
this so once you get this desired
consistency we're just going to plate
this up you see the bottom is like a
golden brown texture
so once you have them played it up I'm
just going to dress a little bit of
these sesame seed oil and top it off
with some green onions and you can also
view sesame seeds as well it just means
whatever you like as your taste
preference and then i'm also going to
make a chili sauce which is some chili
paste with soy sauce and i'm using the
light sodium one and there you guys have
it i hope you guys enjoy it and try this
thanks for watching guys